# Portfolio

This is my portfolio I made for myself to showcase my projects over the years of a developer and ways to contact me as well as information about me. This is where what I learnt about web developing during my education was put to use as well as it was used to experiment with different technologies that I wasn't able to do for coursework.

I initially made the site in 2015 to revise basic HTML5 & CSS3 for a test for a unit during my Degree.

During Summer 2016 I then updated the content and improved the site with things I have learnt the past year and with some experiments. The style was updated with Bootstrap3 and with some custom CSS3. An admin page was created connecting to a back-end database, where projects can be updated, added &amp; deleted (CMS Style) with an API. The Projects &amp; Home page would then connect to the API to display the projects, the home page displays the latest 3 projects with name and links to GitHub and site as well as an image, where the projects page displays all projects but paginated displaying 10 at a time and sorted on the date developed. The projects page also has a search function to allow users to search for a particular project or look for projects with a particular language. The projects have a custom built an automatic sliding slideshow with navigation buttons and bullets to choose a picture, the slide show to also be navigated by dragging slide to the direction to slide to (Both Touch &amp; Mouse). The slide shows can be expanded when clicked. Other things added were a contact form, XML sitemap, custom error pages, and custom JQuery to build a sticky footer.

In 2017, the site was updated with more experiments, which were using SCSS, AngularJS, animate.css & wow.js. During the process, colour scheme, styling & layout was also changed to make it more accessible and provide more feedback on events.
